TW-291 Troubleshooting requests refresh (#3768)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/getting-started/troubleshooting-inapp.md

You can contact Postman Product Support if you need assistance resolving any issues you encounter in Postman. Go to the [Postman Support Center](https://www.postman.com/support/) and select **Submit a Request**.

> ## Locating Postman logs

Author: I didn't add an updated field for this page because I think this page needs a lot more TLC than I was able to give it in this PR, and I didn't want to give anyone the impression that I'd really worked on it 🙈  Should I still add an `updated` field now, or wait until I have a chance to spend more time refreshing this page?

### Locating logs in Linux

To locate the logs in Linux, open the Postman app and go to **View > Developer > View Logs in File Manager**.

## Accessing the DevTools console

The DevTools console provides additional internal debugging entries for Postman that may be useful in troubleshooting problems with the app.

> To access the DevTools console logs, open the __View__ menu > **Developer** > __Show DevTools (current view)__. In the DevTools window, select __Console__ to see the app debug logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the DevTools console logs, go to **View > Developer > Show DevTools (current view)**. In the DevTools window, select __Console__ to see the app debug logs.
```
